-*- Outline -*-

Created       : Wed Aug 24 22:41:42  2011
Last Modified : Mon Oct 17 19:09:39 IST 2011

* Introduction

  There are not many open source tools available to sync Google Contacts and
  Tasks to Outlook. PIM features and good integration with Outlook have been
  working out of the box for years with Nokia feature phones and
  Blackberries. However pure Android does not have any decent solutions for
  this problem.

  Gout is a google - outlook two way sync solution. For now we have support
  for Contacts sync. We will eventually support Tasks as well. The basic idea
  is to enable flexible two way sync from Outlook to Gmail, and let Google do
  the remainder of the job of synching to your Android phone.

* Why something new, why not try X?

  Google has two tools for outlook "integration" - (a) a one way migration
  tool, and a (b) two way sync solution for Google Apps for Enterprise
  users. The second option does not work for me. The first option has severe
  limitations:

     - For starters, it is a one way migration tool, and does not work for
       someone who wants to maintain her Outlook contacts database as the
       primary store. 

     - The migration tool is unbearably slow and is impossible to use on large
       contact lists on a regular basis.

     - The tool will load all the contacts into your 'My Contacts' Group. If
       your Gmail contact list is polluted with a number of email-only
       contacts, this will not be a very pleasant experience.


  EX email addresses: If your outlook contacts database has email addresses in
  EX format, then most solutions out there will fail to do it for you. This
  includes even one time migration solutions such as exporting to CSV and
  importing into gmail and 2 way sync solutions that otherwise have been
  reported to work well - like TouchDown for Outlook PST

 There is a GPLed program written in C# called GoContactSync
 (http://sourceforge.net/projects/gocontactsync) that claims to do two way
 sync. But I have not given it a try as I do not know C# and had no interest
 in learning it now.

* Project Status

  The project is under active development and is to be treated as
  pre-alpha. It is only recommended for developers who don't mind pulling from
  github and running a few python scripts by hand on Windows.

* Installation Notes:

  When it is 'ready to ship' it will be bundled into a neat self installing
  exe file, but that will come only when the basic functionality reaches beta
  quality. For now the only way to run it is to install all the dependency
  python packages and load up the start.py script in IDLE or fire it otherwise.

** Dependencies

   - Python 2.7
   - Pywin32 for Python 2.7
   - wxPython for Python 2.7

** How to run

   - The main file is Gout/start.py -- load it up in IDLE
   - You will have to edit the gmail credentials
